the thing with lías sicora wasn't the other thing we
had to see yes I have it here let's
see lias yora has messed with chocas
The boss, chocas, is putting me here, I
thought about ordering food from
chocas, I thought about ordering food from chocas, I thought about ordering food from chocas, I
nawi which is chocas' company or
part of chocas' company and also
order haka because hey Javi, there's
something else that you missed from
the salseo streamers' gathering Comanche said
that Miller is angry with him Since he did
n't invite him to the quid and showed
messages from Miller asking for
an invitation Ah but we already
talked about that eh I mean that, that, that, that, that, that, we already talked about, that ...
hitaka
Not because it wasn't quality food
but because he didn't accept collaborations in
exchange for food but only
paid in the plan that they are paying
understandable I have seen many tiktok
talking about the subject and yes I have come to my
senses I understand that chocas does
not want content or a promo in
exchange for food because maybe the
food comes out 2 per plate and the promo that
chocas charges normally Maybe it's
80,000 bucks you know man 80,000 I don't know
if as much as 80,000 let's see it could be that there would be it
depending What
type of collaboration Yes but I understand
that chocas will charge Well I don't know but let's
go a a promotion that we are
talking about what Well of course what
haka intended was for shocka to
eat his food every day no
Then it is on Stream you get the
food Oh look haka pum pum no or what of
course later We would have to see that you are going to
make a mention every day or
Instagram story you know then depending on
what they asked for, it has a  price that would
obviously never be the eh 400
500 bucks that it can cost you a month
whaka Okay and joking okay
eh I don't know what it can cost I don't know the
truth is that in that sense br that's
the point okay basically whatever it
is even if it's a tweet a month
even if it's a twit or an
Instagram story a month it's never ever going to cost
500 or so 500 maybe they can
pay me for a promo that we
do here in a video in a live or
something like that okay al chocas of course I do
n't know what we're talking about if
we're talking about an
Instagram story Maybe it's 4 or 5000 bucks
eh if we're talking about that every
day live whaca waca itaca
Of course Ah we're talking about a lot of
money Not 500 a month it's even
offensive d to Dr. to dalis a kiss be that it
's normal and he said it very
politely Hey look, I'm not going to
promote you for free Of course offering
500 to choca is  how to ask him to
promote you for free is exactly the
same okay Javi you're getting carried away
for nothing at all the shock is an
Instagram story it can cost you
4 or 5000 bucks in other words a company that
wants to promote itself eh that the shas
promote it on Instagram 4 or 5000 bucks
But Javi keep in mind that it was not the
chocas of now Well let's see let's go
to any chocas since 2021 onwards
any choca since 2021 onwards
any choca since the
squid games onwards, I mean, no
kid, no, it's not worth it, no, it's not
worth 500 a month that the chocas or
mention you in a live you don't
post on Instagram, I get very
few promos, my content has very
few, very few eh opportunities that, I
mean, they call me very little, me and the
rest of those who make gossip, they call us
very little that I don't understand why
Because then you on TV and in the gossip
magazines there are promos  and there are
advertisements for all the brands okay
But I imagine it's because of the mantra and
such And that will disappear one day but to
me they could have paid me for some
Instagram stories a post
200 bucks 150 bucks then Of course I
understand from that part that he doesn't do promotion
in exchange for food and that he said
no but now putting to go to
hitaka in public he has made an agreement with
her it's like why do you have to sink
a company so that yours does better a
kiss because it can't well let's see in H
the truth is they sank quite a bit
with that Twitter thread and those
tweets I think that hitaka simply what they
should have done was not
enter absolutely not post anything They
could have even sued
chocas for unfair competition for that
live and such okay But of course I think
that the owner of hitaka eh Javi the
brands want white content no I have already
explained it many times you go on
TV and all your life save me and all
these programs have had advertising from
all the brands Here the problem on the
internet is the mantra  and the agencies
that contact the youtubers,
normally the intermediaries are
four [ __ ] allied and things like that,
okay. In fact, I know a few, okay,
that's the problem. So, oh, out,
this one out, you know, only the cool ones or the
ones that suck your dick, I mean, let's
see, you can't tell me, you can't
tell me that a powerful brand doesn't
want to promote itself on a channel because it
talks about gossip, but nevertheless, if it
wants to promote itself on a guy who
farts into a microphone or whatever or whatever, or who
knows, or who does the thousands of things
that we've put here from many
youtubers that no, no, no, no, no, that
on TV you go to a save me, to
intimate enemies, to chronicles, Marcial, in
his day, all these channels and all the
companies, all the top ones have
always promoted themselves. Out with the gossip,
whatever the content is, yes, I
totally agree with her, I mean, the
chocas opens the company and and it starts, I
mean, the first day that the company is announced, I
mean, because you say, over time,
in
some, in some talk that comes to  I
tell the subject that the subject comes up no no
but for free take waca this is crap that
and the two companies well I will
never understand why there has to be
competition between companies I mean there will
be there will be people who will prefer
one thing over another I understand
surely objectively looking at it
superficially there will be a company that is better
than another for the quality of food But
why do you have to get involved with other
companies that maybe are
doing everything right so that yours goes
well I don't understand that
Chocas in itself was going to do well I mean
Chocas sells because of its own image and
Chocat says This is my company buy and
people are going to buy your company because you
have to go to Hitaka to
buy dishes that maybe I mean
the dish that I saw that I was comparing
which was the Itaca dish that looked like it
was expired from 8 months ago I don't
know to sell more but what is going to
sell more if I have gotten involved to
buy right when I saw the dish that
Uncle God put what the hell is made and it's
sold out yes I think that it has been unnecessarily
in this controversy that
all of their dishes were going to be
sold out, do I explain myself or not, I don't
know, eh, I just got into it a while ago
to buy something to try it to see how it
really is. According to him, chocas
is [ __ ] great, which it probably is
because I love
pre-cooked food, I love it like it's already
cooked, made like
someone like your grandmother who cooks for you at
home, you know, maybe. Well, I don't know, it's pure
marketing, but I don't know, it's thinking too
much about it, I mean, I think it's very
selfish to think, I'm not saying that there's
nothing wrong with it, but [ __ ], ruining or
trying to ruin a
food delivery chain, like whaca, when
yours is already going [ __ ] great and you
're making a profit with yours,
what can I say? I'm telling you that it's also
true that it gave Haka more of an image
too, but it's been a bad image Or
at least what I've received has been
like, ugh, Hitaka, regrettable, but
Hitaka shouldn't have done what she
did on Twitter either, eh, she would already be
part of it  of what shas says that
evidently also
surely harmed the company eh what hitaka did
on Twitter, I mean I think I what I'm
completely sure of is the seo no
the owner of hitaka said let's put
this sasca to shokas the twist is going to go
viral and you'll see everyone is going to
buy hitaka and no They looked like
[ __ ] asses and it probably
harmed them if they bought hitaka they know
that I've never bought either But anyway I'm
going to buy now well I'm going to
buy now wetaca it's on top of that
the chocas food that they promote so much
is sold out there's no way to buy it
Well I'm going to buy a Waka
This is what chocas generates it doesn't
generate he no no In truth I do feel that it
generates a lot he Waka man but well it does
n't take away my desire to eat I mean
you go here to
their website and everything looks great I mean Look at
our dishes okay there eye they
paid the sicora ehid minimum of 20 just kidding just kidding just kidding
you have to do it
but look how these look bro  I mean I
feel like it's very good I mean I have
eaten hitaka eh Let's see my sister are
the photos that they put I have never ordered
whaka But I have eaten when I lived
in retic's house whaka sent the
heretics house and I remember opening
the fridge and it being all full of
hitaka money that was Gloria I
remember that it was delicious and
the food is very healthy because it is lment like
someone like your mother who makes it for you well the
same but you put it in a container and it
lasts for a week or six c days in
good condition Maybe I'm the
only one who has been mentally affected
because I don't feel like ordering
whaka anymore and I can't order a Witch either
because everything is sold out it's that I'm going to
show it too I just don't understand
Why does she try to ruin whaka when
hers is super sold out it's sold out sold out let's
see everyone everything sold out and she
doesn't have many dishes either Oh well yes she
has more well it's not that Waka
has a lot sold out everything sold out everything you
a few more dishes but look sold out Ugh how
good you look okay  I don't care about the
chocas thing. The truth is, yes, for
me, it did affect me mentally
because it's like thinking about it and saying, let's see, not just
for asking as such, but why is he
trying to ruin haka when his own
is going great? I don't think he's trying to
destroy whaka. He simply answered
a question that was asked of him, why didn't you
buy whaka? Ah, what was asked of him?
Ah, yes, he answers a question about why did
n't you buy hitaka. Of course, that
changes everything, that his food isn't of quality. He
said that, no. I mean, no, he didn't try to
ruin whaka. No, no, because his food, I mean, I
think he said that. I don't know, correct me
if I'm wrong, but it wasn't a. I didn't buy
whaka because his food isn't of quality.
Well, I don't know if I'm talking too much here,
but Oh, well, yes, a little, yes, it was at the
end, eh. Let's see, a little, at the end, yes, eh, it's the
same thing I was saying before, at the
beginning, I said, Hey,
eh. No, it wouldn't be the same if
the subject came up in a conversation and I said it to
you,
eh. To someone to you, to him
suddenly opening it.  direct and he [ __ ] on
Hitaka no and in the end it was like that, let's
see guys, one
[Music]
thing